What if an ACK frame doesn't fit in a packet (#3312)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

ACK frames SHOULD always acknowledge the most recently received packets, and the
more out-of-order the packets are, the more important it is to send an updated
ACK frame quickly, to prevent the peer from declaring a packet as lost and

> spuriously retransmitting the frames it contains.  It's expected the ACK frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spuriously retransmitting the frames it contains.  The ACK frame is expected
```

> will be much smaller than a QUIC packet.  However, if the entire ACK frame

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to fit within a single QUIC packet.  If it does not, then older ranges
```

> does not fit into a single QUIC packet, older ranges with the smallest packet

Reviewer 2: The tautology here might be fixed with:

```suggestion
does not fit into a single QUIC packet, older ranges (that is, those with 
the smallest packet numbers) SHOULD be omitted.
```

> does not fit into a single QUIC packet, older ranges (that is, those with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(those with the smallest packet numbers) are omitted.
```

> smallest packet numbers) SHOULD be omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

ACK frames SHOULD always acknowledge the most recently received packets, and the
more out-of-order the packets are, the more important it is to send an updated
ACK frame quickly, to prevent the peer from declaring a packet as lost and
spuriously retransmitting the frames it contains.  An ACK frame is expected
to fit within a single QUIC packet.  If it does not, then older ranges
(those with the smallest packet numbers) are omitted.

> 

Reviewer 3: "are omitted" is vague. Does this mean a receiver can conclude non-receipt of any packet number higher than the oldest in an ACK frame. If so, the wording probably should be "MUST be omitted".
